capital = 32


starting_train_buffer = 2

set_research_slots = 3
set_stability = 0.5
add_command_power = 20


# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	trench_warfare = 1
	fleet_in_being = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	fuel_refining = 1
	basic_train = 1
}
set_convoys = 300


set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1932.5.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 64
	fascism = 1
	neutrality = 15
	communism = 20
}

add_ideas = {
	FRA_victors_of_wwi
	FRA_disjointed_government
	FRA_protected_by_the_maginot_line
	limited_conscription
	FRA_full_employment
	FRA_political_violence
	FRA_inefficient_economy_2
}



recruit_character = FRA_philippe_petain
recruit_character = FRA_maurice_thorez
recruit_character = FRA_pierre_laval
recruit_character = FRA_edouard_daladier
recruit_character = FRA_jean_de_lattre_de_tassigny
recruit_character = FRA_alphonse_juin
recruit_character = FRA_maurice_gamelin
recruit_character = FRA_maxime_weygand
recruit_character = FRA_alphonse_georges
recruit_character = FRA_antoinemariebenoit_besson
recruit_character = FRA_charles_de_gaulle
recruit_character = FRA_philippe_leclerc
recruit_character = FRA_henri_giraud
recruit_character = FRA_charles_huntziger
recruit_character = FRA_gastonhenri_billotte
recruit_character = FRA_henry_freydenberg
recruit_character = FRA_rene_olry
recruit_character = FRA_francois_darlan
recruit_character = FRA_jeanmarie_charles_abrial
recruit_character = FRA_jeanpierre_esteva
recruit_character = FRA_jean_de_laborde
recruit_character = FRA_denis_guillaumat
recruit_character = FRA_philippe_fequant
recruit_character = FRA_victor_denain
recruit_character = FRA_jean_marie_abrial
recruit_character = FRA_jean_decoux
recruit_character = FRA_jean_marie_bergeret
recruit_character = FRA_marcel_gensoul
recruit_character = FRA_martial_valin
recruit_character = FRA_rene_emile_godfroy
recruit_character = FRA_joseph_vuillemin
recruit_character = FRA_henri_marie_auguste_bineau
recruit_character = FRA_louis_kahn
recruit_character = FRA_robert_odic
recruit_character = FRA_jean_francois_jannekeyn
recruit_character = FRA_emile_muselier
recruit_character = FRA_frederic_irene_joliot_curie
recruit_character = FRA_alfred_heurtaux
recruit_character = FRA_rene_prioux
recruit_character = FRA_pierre_alombert_goget
recruit_character = FRA_gaston_henry_haye
recruit_character = FRA_georges_bonnet
recruit_character = FRA_philippe_henriot
recruit_character = FRA_paul_reynaud
recruit_character = FRA_pierre_pucheu
recruit_character = FRA_charles_tillon
recruit_character = FRA_vincent_auriol
recruit_character = FRA_rene_massigli
recruit_character = FRA_charles_maurras
recruit_character = FRA_zivony_peshkov
recruit_character = FRA_roger_salengro
recruit_character = FRA_leon_blum
recruit_character = FRA_felix_gouin
recruit_character = FRA_paul_baudouin
recruit_character = FRA_maurice_gauche
recruit_character = FRA_jacques_duclos
recruit_character = FRA_marcel_bucard

